!_TAG_FILE_FORMAT	2	/extended format; --format=1 will not append ;" to lines/
!_TAG_FILE_SORTED	1	/0=unsorted, 1=sorted, 2=foldcase/
!_TAG_PROGRAM_AUTHOR	Darren Hiebert	/dhiebert@users.sourceforge.net/
!_TAG_PROGRAM_NAME	Exuberant Ctags	//
!_TAG_PROGRAM_URL	http://ctags.sourceforge.net	/official site/
!_TAG_PROGRAM_VERSION	5.8	//
Agent	node_modules/browserstack-local/node_modules/https-proxy-agent/https-proxy-agent.js	/^var Agent = require('agent-base');$/;"	v
Agent	node_modules/browserstack-local/node_modules/https-proxy-agent/node_modules/agent-base/agent.js	/^function Agent (callback) {$/;"	c
Agent	node_modules/browserstack-local/node_modules/https-proxy-agent/node_modules/agent-base/test/test.js	/^var Agent = require('..\/');$/;"	v
Agent.addRequest	node_modules/browserstack-local/node_modules/https-proxy-agent/node_modules/agent-base/agent.js	/^Agent.prototype.addRequest = function (req, host, port, localAddress) {$/;"	m
BIN	node_modules/browserstack-local/node_modules/https-proxy-agent/node_modules/debug/Makefile	/^BIN := $(THIS_DIR)\/node_modules\/.bin$/;"	m
BROWSERIFY	node_modules/browserstack-local/node_modules/https-proxy-agent/node_modules/debug/Makefile	/^BROWSERIFY ?= $(NODE) $(BIN)\/browserify$/;"	m
BUILD	node_modules/browserstack-local/node_modules/https-proxy-agent/node_modules/agent-base/node_modules/semver/semver.js	/^var BUILD = R++;$/;"	v
BUILDIDENTIFIER	node_modules/browserstack-local/node_modules/https-proxy-agent/node_modules/agent-base/node_modules/semver/semver.js	/^var BUILDIDENTIFIER = R++;$/;"	v
CARET	node_modules/browserstack-local/node_modules/https-proxy-agent/node_modules/agent-base/node_modules/semver/semver.js	/^var CARET = R++;$/;"	v
CARETLOOSE	node_modules/browserstack-local/node_modules/https-proxy-agent/node_modules/agent-base/node_modules/semver/semver.js	/^var CARETLOOSE = R++;$/;"	v
CARETTRIM	node_modules/browserstack-local/node_modules/https-proxy-agent/node_modules/agent-base/node_modules/semver/semver.js	/^var CARETTRIM = R++;$/;"	v
COMPARATOR	node_modules/browserstack-local/node_modules/https-proxy-agent/node_modules/agent-base/node_modules/semver/semver.js	/^var COMPARATOR = R++;$/;"	v
COMPARATORLOOSE	node_modules/browserstack-local/node_modules/https-proxy-agent/node_modules/agent-base/node_modules/semver/semver.js	/^var COMPARATORLOOSE = R++;$/;"	v
COMPARATORTRIM	node_modules/browserstack-local/node_modules/https-proxy-agent/node_modules/agent-base/node_modules/semver/semver.js	/^var COMPARATORTRIM = R++;$/;"	v
Comparator	node_modules/browserstack-local/node_modules/https-proxy-agent/node_modules/agent-base/node_modules/semver/semver.js	/^function Comparator(comp, loose) {$/;"	c
Comparator.inspect	node_modules/browserstack-local/node_modules/https-proxy-agent/node_modules/agent-base/node_modules/semver/semver.js	/^Comparator.prototype.inspect = function() {$/;"	m
Comparator.parse	node_modules/browserstack-local/node_modules/https-proxy-agent/node_modules/agent-base/node_modules/semver/semver.js	/^Comparator.prototype.parse = function(comp) {$/;"	m
Comparator.test	node_modules/browserstack-local/node_modules/https-proxy-agent/node_modules/agent-base/node_modules/semver/semver.js	/^Comparator.prototype.test = function(version) {$/;"	m
Comparator.toString	node_modules/browserstack-local/node_modules/https-proxy-agent/node_modules/agent-base/node_modules/semver/semver.js	/^Comparator.prototype.toString = function() {$/;"	m
EventEmitter	node_modules/browserstack-local/node_modules/https-proxy-agent/node_modules/agent-base/agent.js	/^var EventEmitter = require('events').EventEmitter;$/;"	v
FULL	node_modules/browserstack-local/node_modules/https-proxy-agent/node_modules/agent-base/node_modules/semver/semver.js	/^var FULL = R++;$/;"	v
FULLPLAIN	node_modules/browserstack-local/node_modules/https-proxy-agent/node_modules/agent-base/node_modules/semver/semver.js	/^var FULLPLAIN = 'v?' + src[MAINVERSION] +$/;"	v
GTLT	node_modules/browserstack-local/node_modules/https-proxy-agent/node_modules/agent-base/node_modules/semver/semver.js	/^var GTLT = R++;$/;"	v
HYPHENRANGE	node_modules/browserstack-local/node_modules/https-proxy-agent/node_modules/agent-base/node_modules/semver/semver.js	/^var HYPHENRANGE = R++;$/;"	v
HYPHENRANGELOOSE	node_modules/browserstack-local/node_modules/https-proxy-agent/node_modules/agent-base/node_modules/semver/semver.js	/^var HYPHENRANGELOOSE = R++;$/;"	v
HttpsProxyAgent	node_modules/browserstack-local/node_modules/https-proxy-agent/https-proxy-agent.js	/^function HttpsProxyAgent (opts) {$/;"	c
HttpsProxyAgent	node_modules/browserstack-local/node_modules/https-proxy-agent/test/test.js	/^var HttpsProxyAgent = require('..\/');$/;"	v
LONECARET	node_modules/browserstack-local/node_modules/https-proxy-agent/node_modules/agent-base/node_modules/semver/semver.js	/^var LONECARET = R++;$/;"	v
LONETILDE	node_modules/browserstack-local/node_modules/https-proxy-agent/node_modules/agent-base/node_modules/semver/semver.js	/^var LONETILDE = R++;$/;"	v
LOOSE	node_modules/browserstack-local/node_modules/https-proxy-agent/node_modules/agent-base/node_modules/semver/semver.js	/^var LOOSE = R++;$/;"	v
LOOSEPLAIN	node_modules/browserstack-local/node_modules/https-proxy-agent/node_modules/agent-base/node_modules/semver/semver.js	/^var LOOSEPLAIN = '[v=\\\\s]*' + src[MAINVERSIONLOOSE] +$/;"	v
Local	node_modules/browserstack-local/lib/Local.js	/^function Local(){$/;"	c
Local.addArgs	node_modules/browserstack-local/lib/Local.js	/^  this.addArgs = function(options){$/;"	m
Local.isRunning	node_modules/browserstack-local/lib/Local.js	/^  this.isRunning = function(){$/;"	m
Local.start	node_modules/browserstack-local/lib/Local.js	/^  this.start = function(options, callback){$/;"	m
Local.stop	node_modules/browserstack-local/lib/Local.js	/^  this.stop = function (callback) {$/;"	m
LocalBinary	node_modules/browserstack-local/lib/LocalBinary.js	/^function LocalBinary(){$/;"	c
LocalBinary.binaryPath	node_modules/browserstack-local/lib/LocalBinary.js	/^  this.binaryPath = function(conf, callback){$/;"	m
LocalBinary.checkPath	node_modules/browserstack-local/lib/LocalBinary.js	/^  this.checkPath = function(path, mode){$/;"	m
LocalBinary.download	node_modules/browserstack-local/lib/LocalBinary.js	/^  this.download = function(conf, destParentDir, callback){$/;"	m
LocalBinary.getAvailableDirs	node_modules/browserstack-local/lib/LocalBinary.js	/^  this.getAvailableDirs = function(){$/;"	m
LocalBinary.homedir	node_modules/browserstack-local/lib/LocalBinary.js	/^  this.homedir = function() {$/;"	m
LocalBinary.makePath	node_modules/browserstack-local/lib/LocalBinary.js	/^  this.makePath = function(path){$/;"	m
LocalError	node_modules/browserstack-local/lib/LocalError.js	/^module.exports = function LocalError(message, extra) {$/;"	f
MAINVERSION	node_modules/browserstack-local/node_modules/https-proxy-agent/node_modules/agent-base/node_modules/semver/semver.js	/^var MAINVERSION = R++;$/;"	v
MAINVERSIONLOOSE	node_modules/browserstack-local/node_modules/https-proxy-agent/node_modules/agent-base/node_modules/semver/semver.js	/^var MAINVERSIONLOOSE = R++;$/;"	v
MAX_LENGTH	node_modules/browserstack-local/node_modules/https-proxy-agent/node_modules/agent-base/node_modules/semver/semver.js	/^var MAX_LENGTH = 256;$/;"	v
MAX_SAFE_INTEGER	node_modules/browserstack-local/node_modules/https-proxy-agent/node_modules/agent-base/node_modules/semver/semver.js	/^var MAX_SAFE_INTEGER = Number.MAX_SAFE_INTEGER || 9007199254740991;$/;"	v
NODE	node_modules/browserstack-local/node_modules/https-proxy-agent/node_modules/debug/Makefile	/^NODE ?= $(shell which node)$/;"	m
NONNUMERICIDENTIFIER	node_modules/browserstack-local/node_modules/https-proxy-agent/node_modules/agent-base/node_modules/semver/semver.js	/^var NONNUMERICIDENTIFIER = R++;$/;"	v
NPM	node_modules/browserstack-local/node_modules/https-proxy-agent/node_modules/debug/Makefile	/^NPM ?= $(NODE) $(shell which npm)$/;"	m
NUMERICIDENTIFIER	node_modules/browserstack-local/node_modules/https-proxy-agent/node_modules/agent-base/node_modules/semver/semver.js	/^var NUMERICIDENTIFIER = R++;$/;"	v
NUMERICIDENTIFIERLOOSE	node_modules/browserstack-local/node_modules/https-proxy-agent/node_modules/agent-base/node_modules/semver/semver.js	/^var NUMERICIDENTIFIERLOOSE = R++;$/;"	v
PRERELEASE	node_modules/browserstack-local/node_modules/https-proxy-agent/node_modules/agent-base/node_modules/semver/semver.js	/^var PRERELEASE = R++;$/;"	v
PRERELEASEIDENTIFIER	node_modules/browserstack-local/node_modules/https-proxy-agent/node_modules/agent-base/node_modules/semver/semver.js	/^var PRERELEASEIDENTIFIER = R++;$/;"	v
PRERELEASEIDENTIFIERLOOSE	node_modules/browserstack-local/node_modules/https-proxy-agent/node_modules/agent-base/node_modules/semver/semver.js	/^var PRERELEASEIDENTIFIERLOOSE = R++;$/;"	v
PRERELEASELOOSE	node_modules/browserstack-local/node_modules/https-proxy-agent/node_modules/agent-base/node_modules/semver/semver.js	/^var PRERELEASELOOSE = R++;$/;"	v
Proxy	node_modules/browserstack-local/node_modules/https-proxy-agent/test/test.js	/^var Proxy = require('proxy');$/;"	v
R	node_modules/browserstack-local/node_modules/https-proxy-agent/node_modules/agent-base/node_modules/semver/semver.js	/^var R = 0;$/;"	v
Range	node_modules/browserstack-local/node_modules/https-proxy-agent/node_modules/agent-base/node_modules/semver/semver.js	/^function Range(range, loose) {$/;"	c
Range	node_modules/browserstack-local/node_modules/https-proxy-agent/node_modules/agent-base/node_modules/semver/test/index.js	/^var Range = semver.Range;$/;"	v
Range.format	node_modules/browserstack-local/node_modules/https-proxy-agent/node_modules/agent-base/node_modules/semver/semver.js	/^Range.prototype.format = function() {$/;"	m
Range.inspect	node_modules/browserstack-local/node_modules/https-proxy-agent/node_modules/agent-base/node_modules/semver/semver.js	/^Range.prototype.inspect = function() {$/;"	m
Range.parseRange	node_modules/browserstack-local/node_modules/https-proxy-agent/node_modules/agent-base/node_modules/semver/semver.js	/^Range.prototype.parseRange = function(range) {$/;"	m
Range.test	node_modules/browserstack-local/node_modules/https-proxy-agent/node_modules/agent-base/node_modules/semver/semver.js	/^Range.prototype.test = function(version) {$/;"	m
Range.toString	node_modules/browserstack-local/node_modules/https-proxy-agent/node_modules/agent-base/node_modules/semver/semver.js	/^Range.prototype.toString = function() {$/;"	m
STAR	node_modules/browserstack-local/node_modules/https-proxy-agent/node_modules/agent-base/node_modules/semver/semver.js	/^var STAR = R++;$/;"	v
SemVer	node_modules/browserstack-local/node_modules/https-proxy-agent/node_modules/agent-base/node_modules/semver/semver.js	/^function SemVer(version, loose) {$/;"	c
SemVer	node_modules/browserstack-local/node_modules/https-proxy-agent/node_modules/agent-base/node_modules/semver/test/index.js	/^var SemVer = semver.SemVer;$/;"	v
SemVer.compare	node_modules/browserstack-local/node_modules/https-proxy-agent/node_modules/agent-base/node_modules/semver/semver.js	/^SemVer.prototype.compare = function(other) {$/;"	m
SemVer.compareMain	node_modules/browserstack-local/node_modules/https-proxy-agent/node_modules/agent-base/node_modules/semver/semver.js	/^SemVer.prototype.compareMain = function(other) {$/;"	m
SemVer.comparePre	node_modules/browserstack-local/node_modules/https-proxy-agent/node_modules/agent-base/node_modules/semver/semver.js	/^SemVer.prototype.comparePre = function(other) {$/;"	m
SemVer.format	node_modules/browserstack-local/node_modules/https-proxy-agent/node_modules/agent-base/node_modules/semver/semver.js	/^SemVer.prototype.format = function() {$/;"	m
SemVer.inc	node_modules/browserstack-local/node_modules/https-proxy-agent/node_modules/agent-base/node_modules/semver/semver.js	/^SemVer.prototype.inc = function(release, identifier) {$/;"	m
SemVer.inspect	node_modules/browserstack-local/node_modules/https-proxy-agent/node_modules/agent-base/node_modules/semver/semver.js	/^SemVer.prototype.inspect = function() {$/;"	m
SemVer.toString	node_modules/browserstack-local/node_modules/https-proxy-agent/node_modules/agent-base/node_modules/semver/semver.js	/^SemVer.prototype.toString = function() {$/;"	m
Semver	node_modules/browserstack-local/node_modules/https-proxy-agent/test/test.js	/^var Semver = require('semver');$/;"	v
THIS_DIR	node_modules/browserstack-local/node_modules/https-proxy-agent/node_modules/debug/Makefile	/^THIS_DIR:=$(shell cd $(dir $(THIS_MAKEFILE_PATH));pwd)$/;"	m
THIS_MAKEFILE_PATH	node_modules/browserstack-local/node_modules/https-proxy-agent/node_modules/debug/Makefile	/^THIS_MAKEFILE_PATH:=$(word $(words $(MAKEFILE_LIST)),$(MAKEFILE_LIST))$/;"	m
TILDE	node_modules/browserstack-local/node_modules/https-proxy-agent/node_modules/agent-base/node_modules/semver/semver.js	/^var TILDE = R++;$/;"	v
TILDELOOSE	node_modules/browserstack-local/node_modules/https-proxy-agent/node_modules/agent-base/node_modules/semver/semver.js	/^var TILDELOOSE = R++;$/;"	v
TILDETRIM	node_modules/browserstack-local/node_modules/https-proxy-agent/node_modules/agent-base/node_modules/semver/semver.js	/^var TILDETRIM = R++;$/;"	v
XRANGE	node_modules/browserstack-local/node_modules/https-proxy-agent/node_modules/agent-base/node_modules/semver/semver.js	/^var XRANGE = R++;$/;"	v
XRANGEIDENTIFIER	node_modules/browserstack-local/node_modules/https-proxy-agent/node_modules/agent-base/node_modules/semver/semver.js	/^var XRANGEIDENTIFIER = R++;$/;"	v
XRANGEIDENTIFIERLOOSE	node_modules/browserstack-local/node_modules/https-proxy-agent/node_modules/agent-base/node_modules/semver/semver.js	/^var XRANGEIDENTIFIERLOOSE = R++;$/;"	v
XRANGELOOSE	node_modules/browserstack-local/node_modules/https-proxy-agent/node_modules/agent-base/node_modules/semver/semver.js	/^var XRANGELOOSE = R++;$/;"	v
XRANGEPLAIN	node_modules/browserstack-local/node_modules/https-proxy-agent/node_modules/agent-base/node_modules/semver/semver.js	/^var XRANGEPLAIN = R++;$/;"	v
XRANGEPLAINLOOSE	node_modules/browserstack-local/node_modules/https-proxy-agent/node_modules/agent-base/node_modules/semver/semver.js	/^var XRANGEPLAINLOOSE = R++;$/;"	v
assert	node_modules/browserstack-local/node_modules/https-proxy-agent/node_modules/agent-base/test/test.js	/^var assert = require('assert');$/;"	v
assert	node_modules/browserstack-local/node_modules/https-proxy-agent/test/test.js	/^var assert = require('assert');$/;"	v
browserstack	a.js	/^var browserstack = require('browserstack-local');$/;"	v
browserstack	node_modules/browserstack-local/node-example.js	/^var browserstack = require('.\/index');$/;"	v
capabilities.browserName	node_modules/browserstack-local/node-example.js	/^  'browserName': 'chrome',$/;"	p
capabilities.browserstack.local	node_modules/browserstack-local/node-example.js	/^  'browserstack.local': true$/;"	p
capabilities.build	node_modules/browserstack-local/node-example.js	/^  build: 'build',$/;"	p
capabilities.os	node_modules/browserstack-local/node-example.js	/^  'os': 'OS X',$/;"	p
caretTrimReplace	node_modules/browserstack-local/node_modules/https-proxy-agent/node_modules/agent-base/node_modules/semver/semver.js	/^var caretTrimReplace = '$1^';$/;"	v
childProcess	node_modules/browserstack-local/lib/Local.js	/^var childProcess = require('child_process'),$/;"	v
clean	node_modules/browserstack-local/node_modules/https-proxy-agent/node_modules/agent-base/node_modules/semver/semver.js	/^function clean(version, loose) {$/;"	f
clean	node_modules/browserstack-local/node_modules/https-proxy-agent/node_modules/agent-base/node_modules/semver/test/clean.js	/^var clean = semver.clean;$/;"	v
cmp	node_modules/browserstack-local/node_modules/https-proxy-agent/node_modules/agent-base/node_modules/semver/semver.js	/^function cmp(a, op, b, loose) {$/;"	f
cmp	node_modules/browserstack-local/node_modules/https-proxy-agent/node_modules/agent-base/node_modules/semver/test/index.js	/^var cmp = semver.cmp;$/;"	v
coerce	node_modules/browserstack-local/node_modules/https-proxy-agent/node_modules/debug/debug.js	/^function coerce(val) {$/;"	f
comparatorTrimReplace	node_modules/browserstack-local/node_modules/https-proxy-agent/node_modules/agent-base/node_modules/semver/semver.js	/^var comparatorTrimReplace = '$1$2$3';$/;"	v
compare	node_modules/browserstack-local/node_modules/https-proxy-agent/node_modules/agent-base/node_modules/semver/semver.js	/^function compare(a, b, loose) {$/;"	f
compareIdentifiers	node_modules/browserstack-local/node_modules/https-proxy-agent/node_modules/agent-base/node_modules/semver/semver.js	/^function compareIdentifiers(a, b) {$/;"	f
compareLoose	node_modules/browserstack-local/node_modules/https-proxy-agent/node_modules/agent-base/node_modules/semver/semver.js	/^function compareLoose(a, b) {$/;"	f
connect	node_modules/browserstack-local/node_modules/https-proxy-agent/https-proxy-agent.js	/^function connect (req, opts, fn) {$/;"	f
connect.cleanup	node_modules/browserstack-local/node_modules/https-proxy-agent/https-proxy-agent.js	/^  function cleanup () {$/;"	f
connect.onclose	node_modules/browserstack-local/node_modules/https-proxy-agent/https-proxy-agent.js	/^  function onclose (err) {$/;"	f
connect.ondata	node_modules/browserstack-local/node_modules/https-proxy-agent/https-proxy-agent.js	/^  function ondata (b) {$/;"	f
connect.onend	node_modules/browserstack-local/node_modules/https-proxy-agent/https-proxy-agent.js	/^  function onend () {$/;"	f
connect.onerror	node_modules/browserstack-local/node_modules/https-proxy-agent/https-proxy-agent.js	/^  function onerror (err) {$/;"	f
connect.onsocket	node_modules/browserstack-local/node_modules/https-proxy-agent/https-proxy-agent.js	/^  function onsocket (socket) {$/;"	f
connect.read	node_modules/browserstack-local/node_modules/https-proxy-agent/https-proxy-agent.js	/^  function read () {$/;"	f
createWritableStdioStream	node_modules/browserstack-local/node_modules/https-proxy-agent/node_modules/debug/node.js	/^function createWritableStdioStream (fd) {$/;"	f
d	node_modules/browserstack-local/node_modules/https-proxy-agent/node_modules/debug/node_modules/ms/index.js	/^var d = h * 24;$/;"	v
debug	node_modules/browserstack-local/node_modules/https-proxy-agent/https-proxy-agent.js	/^var debug = require('debug')('https-proxy-agent');$/;"	v
debug	node_modules/browserstack-local/node_modules/https-proxy-agent/node_modules/agent-base/node_modules/semver/semver.js	/^\/* nomin *\/ var debug;$/;"	v
debug	node_modules/browserstack-local/node_modules/https-proxy-agent/node_modules/debug/debug.js	/^function debug(namespace) {$/;"	f
debug.disabled	node_modules/browserstack-local/node_modules/https-proxy-agent/node_modules/debug/debug.js	/^  function disabled() {$/;"	f
debug.enabled	node_modules/browserstack-local/node_modules/https-proxy-agent/node_modules/debug/debug.js	/^  function enabled() {$/;"	f
diff	node_modules/browserstack-local/node_modules/https-proxy-agent/node_modules/agent-base/node_modules/semver/semver.js	/^function diff(version1, version2) {$/;"	f
diff	node_modules/browserstack-local/node_modules/https-proxy-agent/node_modules/agent-base/node_modules/semver/test/index.js	/^var diff = semver.diff;$/;"	v
disable	node_modules/browserstack-local/node_modules/https-proxy-agent/node_modules/debug/debug.js	/^function disable() {$/;"	f
enable	node_modules/browserstack-local/node_modules/https-proxy-agent/node_modules/debug/debug.js	/^function enable(namespaces) {$/;"	f
enabled	node_modules/browserstack-local/node_modules/https-proxy-agent/node_modules/debug/debug.js	/^function enabled(name) {$/;"	f
eq	node_modules/browserstack-local/node_modules/https-proxy-agent/node_modules/agent-base/node_modules/semver/semver.js	/^function eq(a, b, loose) {$/;"	f
eq	node_modules/browserstack-local/node_modules/https-proxy-agent/node_modules/agent-base/node_modules/semver/test/index.js	/^var eq = semver.eq;$/;"	v
events	node_modules/browserstack-local/node_modules/https-proxy-agent/node_modules/agent-base/test/test.js	/^var events = require('events');$/;"	v
expect	node_modules/browserstack-local/test/local.js	/^var expect = require('expect.js'),$/;"	v
exports.formatters.j	node_modules/browserstack-local/node_modules/https-proxy-agent/node_modules/debug/browser.js	/^exports.formatters.j = function(v) {$/;"	f
exports.formatters.o	node_modules/browserstack-local/node_modules/https-proxy-agent/node_modules/debug/node.js	/^exports.formatters.o = function(v) {$/;"	f
extend	node_modules/browserstack-local/node_modules/https-proxy-agent/https-proxy-agent.js	/^var extend = require('extend');$/;"	v
extend	node_modules/browserstack-local/node_modules/https-proxy-agent/node_modules/agent-base/agent.js	/^var extend = require('extend');$/;"	v
extend	node_modules/browserstack-local/node_modules/https-proxy-agent/node_modules/extend/index.js	/^module.exports = function extend() {$/;"	f
fd	node_modules/browserstack-local/node_modules/https-proxy-agent/node_modules/debug/node.js	/^var fd = parseInt(process.env.DEBUG_FD, 10) || 2;$/;"	v
formatArgs	node_modules/browserstack-local/node_modules/https-proxy-agent/node_modules/debug/browser.js	/^function formatArgs() {$/;"	f
formatArgs	node_modules/browserstack-local/node_modules/https-proxy-agent/node_modules/debug/node.js	/^function formatArgs() {$/;"	f
fs	a.js	/^var fs = require('fs');$/;"	v
fs	node_modules/browserstack-local/node_modules/https-proxy-agent/node_modules/agent-base/test/test.js	/^var fs = require('fs');$/;"	v
fs	node_modules/browserstack-local/node_modules/https-proxy-agent/test/test.js	/^var fs = require('fs');$/;"	v
getBinaryArgs	node_modules/browserstack-local/lib/Local.js	/^  this.getBinaryArgs = function(){$/;"	f
getBinaryPath	node_modules/browserstack-local/lib/Local.js	/^  this.getBinaryPath = function(callback){$/;"	f
gt	node_modules/browserstack-local/node_modules/https-proxy-agent/node_modules/agent-base/node_modules/semver/semver.js	/^function gt(a, b, loose) {$/;"	f
gt	node_modules/browserstack-local/node_modules/https-proxy-agent/node_modules/agent-base/node_modules/semver/test/index.js	/^var gt = semver.gt;$/;"	v
gte	node_modules/browserstack-local/node_modules/https-proxy-agent/node_modules/agent-base/node_modules/semver/semver.js	/^function gte(a, b, loose) {$/;"	f
gte	node_modules/browserstack-local/node_modules/https-proxy-agent/node_modules/agent-base/node_modules/semver/test/index.js	/^var gte = semver.gte;$/;"	v
gtr	node_modules/browserstack-local/node_modules/https-proxy-agent/node_modules/agent-base/node_modules/semver/semver.js	/^function gtr(version, range, loose) {$/;"	f
gtr	node_modules/browserstack-local/node_modules/https-proxy-agent/node_modules/agent-base/node_modules/semver/test/gtr.js	/^var gtr = semver.gtr;$/;"	v
h	node_modules/browserstack-local/node_modules/https-proxy-agent/node_modules/debug/node_modules/ms/index.js	/^var h = m * 60;$/;"	v
http	node_modules/browserstack-local/node_modules/https-proxy-agent/node_modules/agent-base/patch-core.js	/^var http = require('http');$/;"	v
http	node_modules/browserstack-local/node_modules/https-proxy-agent/node_modules/agent-base/test/test.js	/^var http = require('http');$/;"	v
http	node_modules/browserstack-local/node_modules/https-proxy-agent/test/test.js	/^var http = require('http');$/;"	v
https	node_modules/browserstack-local/lib/LocalBinary.js	/^var https = require('https'),$/;"	v
https	node_modules/browserstack-local/node_modules/https-proxy-agent/node_modules/agent-base/patch-core.js	/^var https = require('https');$/;"	v
https	node_modules/browserstack-local/node_modules/https-proxy-agent/node_modules/agent-base/test/test.js	/^var https = require('https');$/;"	v
https	node_modules/browserstack-local/node_modules/https-proxy-agent/test/test.js	/^var https = require('https');$/;"	v
hyphenReplace	node_modules/browserstack-local/node_modules/https-proxy-agent/node_modules/agent-base/node_modules/semver/semver.js	/^function hyphenReplace($0,$/;"	f
identifier	node_modules/browserstack-local/node-example.js	/^var identifier = 'adqqwdqwd';$/;"	v
inc	node_modules/browserstack-local/node_modules/https-proxy-agent/node_modules/agent-base/node_modules/semver/semver.js	/^function inc(version, release, loose, identifier) {$/;"	f
inc	node_modules/browserstack-local/node_modules/https-proxy-agent/node_modules/agent-base/node_modules/semver/test/index.js	/^var inc = semver.inc;$/;"	v
inherits	node_modules/browserstack-local/node_modules/https-proxy-agent/https-proxy-agent.js	/^var inherits = require('util').inherits;$/;"	v
inherits	node_modules/browserstack-local/node_modules/https-proxy-agent/node_modules/agent-base/agent.js	/^var inherits = require('util').inherits;$/;"	v
inherits	node_modules/browserstack-local/node_modules/https-proxy-agent/node_modules/agent-base/patch-core.js	/^var inherits = require('util').inherits;$/;"	v
isArray	node_modules/browserstack-local/node_modules/https-proxy-agent/node_modules/extend/index.js	/^var isArray = function isArray(arr) {$/;"	f
isPlainObject	node_modules/browserstack-local/node_modules/https-proxy-agent/node_modules/extend/index.js	/^var isPlainObject = function isPlainObject(obj) {$/;"	f
isX	node_modules/browserstack-local/node_modules/https-proxy-agent/node_modules/agent-base/node_modules/semver/semver.js	/^function isX(id) {$/;"	f
load	node_modules/browserstack-local/node_modules/https-proxy-agent/node_modules/debug/browser.js	/^function load() {$/;"	f
load	node_modules/browserstack-local/node_modules/https-proxy-agent/node_modules/debug/node.js	/^function load() {$/;"	f
localstorage	node_modules/browserstack-local/node_modules/https-proxy-agent/node_modules/debug/browser.js	/^function localstorage(){$/;"	f
log	node_modules/browserstack-local/node_modules/https-proxy-agent/node_modules/debug/browser.js	/^function log() {$/;"	f
log	node_modules/browserstack-local/node_modules/https-proxy-agent/node_modules/debug/node.js	/^function log() {$/;"	f
long	node_modules/browserstack-local/node_modules/https-proxy-agent/node_modules/debug/node_modules/ms/index.js	/^function long(ms) {$/;"	f
lt	node_modules/browserstack-local/node_modules/https-proxy-agent/node_modules/agent-base/node_modules/semver/semver.js	/^function lt(a, b, loose) {$/;"	f
lt	node_modules/browserstack-local/node_modules/https-proxy-agent/node_modules/agent-base/node_modules/semver/test/index.js	/^var lt = semver.lt;$/;"	v
lte	node_modules/browserstack-local/node_modules/https-proxy-agent/node_modules/agent-base/node_modules/semver/semver.js	/^function lte(a, b, loose) {$/;"	f
lte	node_modules/browserstack-local/node_modules/https-proxy-agent/node_modules/agent-base/node_modules/semver/test/index.js	/^var lte = semver.lte;$/;"	v
ltr	node_modules/browserstack-local/node_modules/https-proxy-agent/node_modules/agent-base/node_modules/semver/semver.js	/^function ltr(version, range, loose) {$/;"	f
ltr	node_modules/browserstack-local/node_modules/https-proxy-agent/node_modules/agent-base/node_modules/semver/test/ltr.js	/^var ltr = semver.ltr;$/;"	v
m	node_modules/browserstack-local/node_modules/https-proxy-agent/node_modules/debug/node_modules/ms/index.js	/^var m = s * 60;$/;"	v
major	node_modules/browserstack-local/node_modules/https-proxy-agent/node_modules/agent-base/node_modules/semver/semver.js	/^function major(a, loose) {$/;"	f
maxSatisfying	node_modules/browserstack-local/node_modules/https-proxy-agent/node_modules/agent-base/node_modules/semver/semver.js	/^function maxSatisfying(versions, range, loose) {$/;"	f
minor	node_modules/browserstack-local/node_modules/https-proxy-agent/node_modules/agent-base/node_modules/semver/semver.js	/^function minor(a, loose) {$/;"	f
module.exports	node_modules/browserstack-local/lib/LocalError.js	/^module.exports = function LocalError(message, extra) {$/;"	c
module.exports	node_modules/browserstack-local/node_modules/https-proxy-agent/node_modules/debug/node_modules/ms/index.js	/^module.exports = function(val, options){$/;"	f
module.exports	node_modules/browserstack-local/node_modules/https-proxy-agent/node_modules/extend/index.js	/^module.exports = function extend() {$/;"	f
neq	node_modules/browserstack-local/node_modules/https-proxy-agent/node_modules/agent-base/node_modules/semver/semver.js	/^function neq(a, b, loose) {$/;"	f
neq	node_modules/browserstack-local/node_modules/https-proxy-agent/node_modules/agent-base/node_modules/semver/test/index.js	/^var neq = semver.neq;$/;"	v
net	node_modules/browserstack-local/node_modules/https-proxy-agent/https-proxy-agent.js	/^var net = require('net');$/;"	v
net	node_modules/browserstack-local/node_modules/https-proxy-agent/node_modules/agent-base/test/test.js	/^var net = require('net');$/;"	v
numeric	node_modules/browserstack-local/node_modules/https-proxy-agent/node_modules/agent-base/node_modules/semver/semver.js	/^var numeric = \/^[0-9]+$\/;$/;"	v
options.-key	node_modules/browserstack-local/node-example.js	/^  '-key': process.env.BROWSERSTACK_ACCESS_KEY,$/;"	p
outside	node_modules/browserstack-local/node_modules/https-proxy-agent/node_modules/agent-base/node_modules/semver/semver.js	/^function outside(version, range, hilo, loose) {$/;"	f
parse	node_modules/browserstack-local/node_modules/https-proxy-agent/node_modules/agent-base/node_modules/semver/semver.js	/^function parse(version, loose) {$/;"	f
parse	node_modules/browserstack-local/node_modules/https-proxy-agent/node_modules/debug/node_modules/ms/index.js	/^function parse(str) {$/;"	f
parseComparator	node_modules/browserstack-local/node_modules/https-proxy-agent/node_modules/agent-base/node_modules/semver/semver.js	/^function parseComparator(comp, loose) {$/;"	f
patch	node_modules/browserstack-local/node_modules/https-proxy-agent/node_modules/agent-base/node_modules/semver/semver.js	/^function patch(a, loose) {$/;"	f
plural	node_modules/browserstack-local/node_modules/https-proxy-agent/node_modules/debug/node_modules/ms/index.js	/^function plural(ms, n, name) {$/;"	f
prevColor	node_modules/browserstack-local/node_modules/https-proxy-agent/node_modules/debug/debug.js	/^var prevColor = 0;$/;"	v
prevTime	node_modules/browserstack-local/node_modules/https-proxy-agent/node_modules/debug/debug.js	/^var prevTime;$/;"	v
rcompare	node_modules/browserstack-local/node_modules/https-proxy-agent/node_modules/agent-base/node_modules/semver/semver.js	/^function rcompare(a, b, loose) {$/;"	f
rcompareIdentifiers	node_modules/browserstack-local/node_modules/https-proxy-agent/node_modules/agent-base/node_modules/semver/semver.js	/^function rcompareIdentifiers(a, b) {$/;"	f
re	node_modules/browserstack-local/node_modules/https-proxy-agent/node_modules/agent-base/node_modules/semver/semver.js	/^var re = exports.re = [];$/;"	v
replaceCaret	node_modules/browserstack-local/node_modules/https-proxy-agent/node_modules/agent-base/node_modules/semver/semver.js	/^function replaceCaret(comp, loose) {$/;"	f
replaceCarets	node_modules/browserstack-local/node_modules/https-proxy-agent/node_modules/agent-base/node_modules/semver/semver.js	/^function replaceCarets(comp, loose) {$/;"	f
replaceStars	node_modules/browserstack-local/node_modules/https-proxy-agent/node_modules/agent-base/node_modules/semver/semver.js	/^function replaceStars(comp, loose) {$/;"	f
replaceStars	node_modules/browserstack-local/node_modules/https-proxy-agent/node_modules/agent-base/node_modules/semver/test/index.js	/^var replaceStars = semver.replaceStars;$/;"	v
replaceTilde	node_modules/browserstack-local/node_modules/https-proxy-agent/node_modules/agent-base/node_modules/semver/semver.js	/^function replaceTilde(comp, loose) {$/;"	f
replaceTildes	node_modules/browserstack-local/node_modules/https-proxy-agent/node_modules/agent-base/node_modules/semver/semver.js	/^function replaceTildes(comp, loose) {$/;"	f
replaceXRange	node_modules/browserstack-local/node_modules/https-proxy-agent/node_modules/agent-base/node_modules/semver/semver.js	/^function replaceXRange(comp, loose) {$/;"	f
replaceXRanges	node_modules/browserstack-local/node_modules/https-proxy-agent/node_modules/agent-base/node_modules/semver/semver.js	/^function replaceXRanges(comp, loose) {$/;"	f
rsort	node_modules/browserstack-local/node_modules/https-proxy-agent/node_modules/agent-base/node_modules/semver/semver.js	/^function rsort(list, loose) {$/;"	f
s	node_modules/browserstack-local/node_modules/https-proxy-agent/node_modules/debug/node_modules/ms/index.js	/^var s = 1000;$/;"	v
satisfies	node_modules/browserstack-local/node_modules/https-proxy-agent/node_modules/agent-base/node_modules/semver/semver.js	/^function satisfies(version, range, loose) {$/;"	f
satisfies	node_modules/browserstack-local/node_modules/https-proxy-agent/node_modules/agent-base/node_modules/semver/test/index.js	/^var satisfies = semver.satisfies;$/;"	v
save	node_modules/browserstack-local/node_modules/https-proxy-agent/node_modules/debug/browser.js	/^function save(namespaces) {$/;"	f
save	node_modules/browserstack-local/node_modules/https-proxy-agent/node_modules/debug/node.js	/^function save(namespaces) {$/;"	f
selectColor	node_modules/browserstack-local/node_modules/https-proxy-agent/node_modules/debug/debug.js	/^function selectColor() {$/;"	f
semver	node_modules/browserstack-local/node_modules/https-proxy-agent/node_modules/agent-base/node_modules/semver/test/clean.js	/^var semver = require('..\/semver.js');$/;"	v
semver	node_modules/browserstack-local/node_modules/https-proxy-agent/node_modules/agent-base/node_modules/semver/test/gtr.js	/^var semver = require('..\/semver.js');$/;"	v
semver	node_modules/browserstack-local/node_modules/https-proxy-agent/node_modules/agent-base/node_modules/semver/test/index.js	/^var semver = require('..\/semver.js');$/;"	v
semver	node_modules/browserstack-local/node_modules/https-proxy-agent/node_modules/agent-base/node_modules/semver/test/ltr.js	/^var semver = require('..\/semver.js');$/;"	v
semver	node_modules/browserstack-local/node_modules/https-proxy-agent/node_modules/agent-base/node_modules/semver/test/major-minor-patch.js	/^var semver = require('..\/semver.js');$/;"	v
semver	node_modules/browserstack-local/node_modules/https-proxy-agent/node_modules/agent-base/patch-core.js	/^var semver = require('semver');$/;"	v
short	node_modules/browserstack-local/node_modules/https-proxy-agent/node_modules/debug/node_modules/ms/index.js	/^function short(ms) {$/;"	f
sort	node_modules/browserstack-local/node_modules/https-proxy-agent/node_modules/agent-base/node_modules/semver/semver.js	/^function sort(list, loose) {$/;"	f
src	node_modules/browserstack-local/node_modules/https-proxy-agent/node_modules/agent-base/node_modules/semver/semver.js	/^var src = exports.src = [];$/;"	v
stream	node_modules/browserstack-local/node_modules/https-proxy-agent/node_modules/debug/node.js	/^var stream = 1 === fd ? process.stdout :$/;"	v
tap	node_modules/browserstack-local/node_modules/https-proxy-agent/node_modules/agent-base/node_modules/semver/test/clean.js	/^var tap = require('tap');$/;"	v
tap	node_modules/browserstack-local/node_modules/https-proxy-agent/node_modules/agent-base/node_modules/semver/test/gtr.js	/^var tap = require('tap');$/;"	v
tap	node_modules/browserstack-local/node_modules/https-proxy-agent/node_modules/agent-base/node_modules/semver/test/index.js	/^var tap = require('tap');$/;"	v
tap	node_modules/browserstack-local/node_modules/https-proxy-agent/node_modules/agent-base/node_modules/semver/test/ltr.js	/^var tap = require('tap');$/;"	v
tap	node_modules/browserstack-local/node_modules/https-proxy-agent/node_modules/agent-base/node_modules/semver/test/major-minor-patch.js	/^var tap = require('tap');$/;"	v
test	node_modules/browserstack-local/node_modules/https-proxy-agent/node_modules/agent-base/node_modules/semver/test/clean.js	/^var test = tap.test;$/;"	v
test	node_modules/browserstack-local/node_modules/https-proxy-agent/node_modules/agent-base/node_modules/semver/test/gtr.js	/^var test = tap.test;$/;"	v
test	node_modules/browserstack-local/node_modules/https-proxy-agent/node_modules/agent-base/node_modules/semver/test/index.js	/^var test = tap.test;$/;"	v
test	node_modules/browserstack-local/node_modules/https-proxy-agent/node_modules/agent-base/node_modules/semver/test/ltr.js	/^var test = tap.test;$/;"	v
test	node_modules/browserstack-local/node_modules/https-proxy-agent/node_modules/agent-base/node_modules/semver/test/major-minor-patch.js	/^var test = tap.test;$/;"	v
testSet	node_modules/browserstack-local/node_modules/https-proxy-agent/node_modules/agent-base/node_modules/semver/semver.js	/^function testSet(set, version) {$/;"	f
tildeTrimReplace	node_modules/browserstack-local/node_modules/https-proxy-agent/node_modules/agent-base/node_modules/semver/semver.js	/^var tildeTrimReplace = '$1~';$/;"	v
tls	node_modules/browserstack-local/node_modules/https-proxy-agent/https-proxy-agent.js	/^var tls = require('tls');$/;"	v
tls	node_modules/browserstack-local/node_modules/https-proxy-agent/node_modules/agent-base/test/test.js	/^var tls = require('tls');$/;"	v
toComparators	node_modules/browserstack-local/node_modules/https-proxy-agent/node_modules/agent-base/node_modules/semver/semver.js	/^function toComparators(range, loose) {$/;"	f
toComparators	node_modules/browserstack-local/node_modules/https-proxy-agent/node_modules/agent-base/node_modules/semver/test/index.js	/^var toComparators = semver.toComparators;$/;"	v
tty	node_modules/browserstack-local/node_modules/https-proxy-agent/node_modules/debug/node.js	/^var tty = require('tty');$/;"	v
url	node_modules/browserstack-local/node_modules/https-proxy-agent/https-proxy-agent.js	/^var url = require('url');$/;"	v
url	node_modules/browserstack-local/node_modules/https-proxy-agent/node_modules/agent-base/patch-core.js	/^var url = require('url');$/;"	v
url	node_modules/browserstack-local/node_modules/https-proxy-agent/node_modules/agent-base/test/test.js	/^var url = require('url');$/;"	v
url	node_modules/browserstack-local/node_modules/https-proxy-agent/test/test.js	/^var url = require('url');$/;"	v
useColors	node_modules/browserstack-local/node_modules/https-proxy-agent/node_modules/debug/browser.js	/^function useColors() {$/;"	f
useColors	node_modules/browserstack-local/node_modules/https-proxy-agent/node_modules/debug/node.js	/^function useColors() {$/;"	f
util	node_modules/browserstack-local/node_modules/https-proxy-agent/node_modules/debug/node.js	/^var util = require('util');$/;"	v
valid	node_modules/browserstack-local/node_modules/https-proxy-agent/node_modules/agent-base/node_modules/semver/semver.js	/^function valid(version, loose) {$/;"	f
validRange	node_modules/browserstack-local/node_modules/https-proxy-agent/node_modules/agent-base/node_modules/semver/semver.js	/^function validRange(range, loose) {$/;"	f
validRange	node_modules/browserstack-local/node_modules/https-proxy-agent/node_modules/agent-base/node_modules/semver/test/index.js	/^var validRange = semver.validRange;$/;"	v
webdriver	node_modules/browserstack-local/node-example.js	/^var webdriver = require('selenium-webdriver');$/;"	v
y	node_modules/browserstack-local/node_modules/https-proxy-agent/node_modules/debug/node_modules/ms/index.js	/^var y = d * 365.25;$/;"	v
